work when you started work so yeah you're saying about starting work
musicals and you know the technical elements of the stopwatch. So I worked there for a few years. I loved it. Then I went to work in Jacob's for Doolies for Wings. I had my first child when I worked there. I worked right up until I was about to drop.
When I left and when she was a few months old I went back because my mother looked after my daughter. And when I was having my son, he was only two years younger than me, I did the same again. So my boss kept taking me back.
I went there again. This is a different matter now. My youngest son is my second son. And I went back after I had the same problem as well. I got on well with my boss but it's not fair anymore. It's all gone, it's all changed on the haze. I don't go to town.
I can't walk around, I can't walk that far anyway. You know I'm going to be old before I wish I could. So I can't walk that far.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, I love work. I love work.
Yeah.
Well Dana worked for me. And one of the girls had a few part time jobs and I enjoyed it because of the music and everything. It was like a night out. And Dana's mother, she used to come over and she wanted a drink but she'd come with Carly. Do you know Carly? She used to come with Jolene, Dana's mother.
And that's what I miss about it. I miss all the old people.
Yeah, pubs are different as well aren't they? You know pubs were as much like a community center. I always used to laugh about the old guy in the corner at one pint all night. But everybody was nice to him.
And on a good night you'd have half a dozen pints because somebody would be celebrating and they'd give him a pint.
Yeah of course. That always happened. Like some of my friends would never taste the food in the shop. You know I used to bring them food gum and the lard you know. Make them a couple of cheese rolls.
That's the difference isn't it? If those people would now, and you'll know some like it, who are indoors who never go anywhere.
Yes. Well I've become one of those people who goes anywhere. They go to Tesco's or Asda's but there's nothing out there anyway. I'm just waiting for the world to change.
But if you go to Tesco's or Asda's, and this is what my nan used to say in the old days, she could go 100 yards down the middle of Barry I Street and take her all afternoon.
Yeah, if he stood up. Yeah, yeah. A lot of old boys used to come down the dark and they used to come to the down street and that.
Well yeah I would have been one of them. I'm 72 this year so I used to spend a lot of time down the bay with the boys Casablanca and other places.
Oh that was a guy for Casablanca. You couldn't see anybody in there. That wasn't a bad thing though.
Oh no, no, it was alright. That wasn't much fun. I'm not the fullest down there but it was a nice year and I would get on with this year.
But people say about atmosphere, some places have got atmosphere because you can't see anything.
No, but you've got to create the atmosphere. The world has run in this. You've got to create the atmosphere.
Yeah, you know, and it's another nice picture because there was a few locks we used to go in and come out at 4 o'clock in the morning.
You know, the shit is lovely. So that's how it goes and we've also got too much down there.
Well there's only one original pub left. What's it?
That would be The Pocket. Yeah, it's a pub I never liked.
Well I thought Paddle Steam and Oboe's were both good pubs, I have to say.
Yeah, they were. After they were the ones that grew. Oh yeah, yeah. I used to have a lot of good time, honestly.
I loved it. It was hard life, man. It's not easy when you're in a pub, isn't it?
I love the people. I used to say they're my people, you know. They're my people. And they were lovely.
But they're not as well-bound.
But that's a sign of a good landlady, isn't it? You know, they're my people.
So they were. They were causing the problems.
And then some of you wanted to stay on with telemarketing, right? What are you acting like that for?
You know, don't spoil yourself and everybody, that type of thing, you know.
Yeah, and it was lovely.
But that's the other thing, isn't it? You've got local people wouldn't put up with some types of behavior.
No, that's right.
One of the things a lot of young people, a lot of people, I say young people, they're not young now,
but a lot of people have talked about is things like Chalky White's youth club.
Oh, I remember Chalky. He was a dentist, didn't he? Chalky.
It's funny, I knew about Chalky White. I never went there.
But I didn't know his first name until recently, and I never knew he was a dentist.
No, he was a dentist. I don't know, he came down there when Oliver said he was there.
And he was nice, Chalky, wasn't he? I don't know his first name. What's his first name?
Vivian.
Ah, right, yeah, Vivian. I've known him all my life.
It was nice, because he tried to get a son of a cheeky to him as well.
And he was good to the kids there. Yeah, he was on a Chalky.
I think his life story was in Granstown.
His life and kids.
But I didn't know that name until recently, right, you know?
Yeah, yeah.
Of course, another name that appears a lot, of course, he's, I'm getting old.
Betty Campbell.
Oh, Betty? Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, she's a lovely Betty. Yeah, well, she was a couple years older than me.
I know all the family, they're nice people, and she was lovely, Betty.
She did a lot of the community, Betty did.
I could get that school book, which was, you know, a giant pillar.
You know, my school was a school. And also it was nice, Betty.
And she used to teach kids things that they'd have not learned elsewhere about their own backgrounds.
Yes, yes, yes, she'd go into everything, Betty, but she wasn't prejudiced or anything like that.
She had people friends in her walks, maybe.
But sometimes you'd get a bit of a reward prejudice.
Yeah.
But she wasn't. None of us knew her down there, anyway, none of us were prejudiced.
We just didn't think, we didn't think, any notice.
I mean, that's one of the things people have said about it. It doesn't matter.
There were so many races, so many languages and so many faiths, and yet everyone got on.
Oh, yes, yes. Yeah, they did.
Like, my grandfather could speak about seven languages, but I never learned Egyptian, but they all learned English, didn't they?
Yeah, yeah.
You know, they are, too. It was a nice place to live, man.
I feel back to my life as like it was.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Right.
What was it like, I mean, you'll know, what was it like when they started knocking it all down?
Judgment. Judgment. People would look down at the warehouses when they were asked to go out.
They'd be in the middle of the street, they'd all be looking back down.
At the warehouse. Yeah.
I mean, places like Loudoun Square, I mean, amazing place.
Oh, they were fabulous when I was a kid, some of those houses were.
Especially the ones with the steps, haven't you heard me, then?
They were big, big houses.
Yeah.
So, it was a nice, it was a good little building.
Yeah, it is. It's just, I mean, one thing that...
Did you go down the... Sorry, lovely. Did you go down the Chalky Scull?
No, I didn't, because when I was in Wales, I was in Barrie.
Well, I lived next door to a finale board, and I was in another street.
And they were fabulous, the way you should have it. And now you could be down the floor.
And the same men, when they come on, can see us, they stay there.
Yeah, it's regular, so I came up, and they were lovely, they were gentle.
But then...
Yeah, you should show them. Yeah, they were lovely.
That's one of the things about the Bay as well, isn't it?
One of my first recollections of walking with my uncle through the Bay was the smells of food from everywhere.
From everywhere.
You know, smells all over the world coming out of houses.
Yeah.
Well, my grandkid cooked everything on the mother, and she did for my grandkid.
And she was a fabulous cook.
And my grandfather, he was a cook on the ship when we used to go to sea.
He was a ship's cook.
But then he'd come home, and we'd cook home as well, and my grandma used to loan us, and she'd say,
My matcha darling, Barney, we used to use your fish sauce, and we'd go in the kitchen.
See, Mr. Disco.
Yeah, it's a funnier difference.
My nan used to be what I would call a one pot cook.
It's like we've got all this stuff, all of these root vegetables and everything else,
they can go in here and we'll make a proper stew.
And other people, I need a pot for everything.
My nan said, I don't get that.
No, it goes into...
Just buy a bath site.
Like, come Christmas and all the while there was no turkeys.
When I was a kid, it was always chickens.
I don't know where turkey came from.
I don't think so.
I've never ate turkey, ever.
No.
My grandfather used to kill about three chickens.
He'd buy them, young.
And I wouldn't buy them either.
But they'd feed them there.
And on Christmas, can they jump out of their tree and clean them?
I wish I'd left this truck in there.
So my mother had me on Saturday through, too.
I could never thank God for not being hungry.
I could not.
But your expectations would have been different as well.
You know, that thing, I mean, my grandkids do it,
I'm not having a go at it, but my grandkids do it.
I don't eat that. I don't like that.
Yeah, because you know what it is.
I'd have starved.
Yeah, but we didn't have lunches, did we?
No.
Like McDonald's and all the while, I mean, we never had that, did we?
The kids, they are the ones who ask me on McDonald's.
But it was also what you cook.
I mean, we used to eat a lot of mutton.
And now people talk about, you know, and then it was all the fancier lamb joints.
But we used to eat a lot of mutton.
You just had to cook it better.
I only did.
Yeah, and we cooked it slower.
That's all.
It tasted like lamb, but it was nothing.
It was all a guess.
We had a butter.
We had a fargin on mutton.
We only had mutton.
We don't even change our meat anymore.
But it's those cheaper joints, isn't it?
You just got to know how to cook them.
Yeah, you got to cook them up and slow.
Yeah.
Especially with garlic and slow roast.
Like a vegan meal.
See, that's the thing, isn't it?
You can, when you talk about it, you can smell it.
Do you know what I mean?
It's like I talk about the Nans bread pudding or, you know, as you say, you know, the Welsh cakes.
I can smell them the minute I think of them.
Yeah, but I'm no bread pudding man again.
Don't tell me that joke because I'll be round your house.
I've got a thing about bread pudding.
I can't resist it.
And also, I mean, I'm terrible.
If I'm having bread pudding in some cafe or something, as family friends know, I'm just as likely to say, that's not bread pudding.
That's beautiful.
They've lost the spices, that's right.
Yeah, you're a puzzle that.
My nan used to put some nutmeg in.
What's this?
Yeah, that makes spice.
Yeah.
But that's something else all other families had.
They'd have spice because of who lived there.
And, you know, people brought up to cook with spices, not...
Exactly, I mean, it was brought into the country, wasn't it?
Yeah, it'd come in on the boats, wouldn't it?
You know, it's...
Yeah.